[country music playing]
♪ Ain't nobody gonna tell me ♪
♪ Ain't nobody gonna tell me
How it's goin' ♪
♪ Ain't nobody gonna tell me ♪
♪ Ain't nobody gonna tell me
How it's goin'… ♪
[music continues indistinct]
Wen?
Wendy, you okay?
Hello.
♪ …here I come ♪
Where's my sister? What did you do to her?
She's fine and on her way home.
Bullshit!
I don't believe you.
-Yes, you do.
-[gun rattles]
We don't want anyone else
to get hurt, do we? Hmm?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Listen, listen. Hey.
Hey, hey, hey, I won't tell anyone
anything I know about Helen. I swear.
You see the black SUV behind me?
Listen, listen, listen.
Listen, listen. You can trust me.
-I won't say a fucking thing!
-Do you see the SUV?
[Ben sighs]
You're gonna walk over to the SUV.
You're gonna get
in the front passenger seat,
and you're gonna put both hands
on the dash.
-Do you understand what I'm saying to you?
-I won't say-- [inhales]
Yeah, I understand.
Let's go.
Okay. [sniffles]
All right. [sniffling]
[exhales]
[panting]
[muttering] I'm so fucking…
Oh, my God.
Stupid fucking asshole, just…
Stupid fucking asshole. [sobs]
Stupid fucking asshole,
what's so fucking hard?
What's so fucking hard?
[panting]
[exhales]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry you have to do this.
[exhales]
Can you do something for me?
You can tell Wendy I'm sorry too?
When we was growing up… [exhales]
she's the only thing
on the whole planet that really loved me.
And I'm including God
in that equation. [chuckles]
She's-- she's the only thing…
that really loved me.
And I always wanted her
to be proud of me, you know.
I just fuck up too much, and,
you know, I just-- I fuck whatever up,
and then I, you know, I apologize
and then fuck up again and…
You think she'd be proud of me now?
The way I'm handling this?
I think she would be.
[sniffles]
You tell her I'm sorry. And you…
you tell her I forgive her.
You-- you can do that for me. Can't you?
You can…
Yeah, yeah.
You can do that.
[Nelson] Get out of the car.
Come on, walk inside.
All the way in. Let's go.
On the tarp.
Kneel down.
[gun cocks]
Wait.
Close your eyes.
This is a dream.
[gunshot]
[Omar] Nelson will protect you.
The priest, he will give legitimacy.
But the rest is up to you, Marty.
Now, when the word gets out,
my lieutenants will gather, and you,
you will have to win them over.
You will have to make them trust you.
-Make them fear you.
-[chattering]
[Omar] You will have to convince them
that you are not just some messenger boy.
You need eyes and ears on everything.
You will have to be commanding, Marty.
You will have to be ruthless.
You're going to have to be me.
And if you show even an ounce
of weakness, they will pounce.
And if they don't respect you,
they will join forces with a rival.
Oh, and they will kill you.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey. How is it?
It's fine. Lots of guys with guns.
But it's working?
So far.
[knock on door]
I should go.
Thank you for doing this.
Yeah.
[sighs]
[knocks]
[Wendy] Hey, that was your dad.
He's okay.
[chattering]
I was-- I was with Mr. Navarro yesterday.
[interpreting into Spanish]
And he sent me here to let you know that…
that Javi Elizondro is dead.
-[woman interpreting]
-[murmuring]
Fucking Lagunas.
Uh, no.
It was not the Lagunas cartel.
The person who ordered that killing
was Navarro.
[interpreting]
Javi Elizondro was a traitor.
He was making a deal
with the US government.
He was gonna bring this cartel down.
And he is the one
that got Navarro arrested.
[interpreting]
Who the fuck will run things down here?
Navarro will.
From an American prison?
I'm gonna get him out of prison.
What makes you think that you can do that?
Because that's what I want.
I wanted Navarro to win the cartel war.
Who won the cartel war?
Now I want him out of prison,
so I'm gonna get him out of prison.
[woman interpreting]
Lastly, I'm gonna need
to meet with each of you individually
to discuss your business
in your territories.
That's something Navarro wanted.
So you bring your accountants,
and you bring your books.
[woman interpreting]
[Camila] Excuse me.
-Excuse me, Mr. Byrde.
-[Marty] Yeah.
I am Camila Elizondro.
Hi. Um, sorry for your loss.
May I have a word with you?
Yes, sure, um…
I completely understand that,
uh, but I'm just-- I just don't
know how much I can, uh, I can tell you.
Uh, I-I know that it was--
that it was quick,
Um, and, uh,
you know, I'm just-- I'm so sorry.
I-- this must be very, very hard.
I did my crying the night he disappeared.
Javi was so ambitious.
The way he'd talk about my brother,
I always knew this day would come.
I lost my father
and my husband to this life too.
-Hmm.
-Do you have any children, Mr. Byrde?
Yeah, a daughter and a son.
I hope they don't take after you
and follow you in this life.
Can you really get my brother
out of prison and back home?
-Yes.
-How?
You familiar with the SDN list?
Yeah. It's a…
It's a register of, uh,
people and companies
that the US will not do business with.
And your brother is on that,
uh, which means
any moves that we make, they notice.
Uh, but my wife is working
through our foundation to get him removed,
and once that happens,
we can extradite him to a Mexican prison
and then pay for his escape.
Hmm. You sound very confident.
I am.
[sighs]
-I'm not looking for a fight.
-Then why'd you fucking come here?
-[Wendy] To help you.
-[scoffs] Right.
You haven't thought this through.
I don't need your advice.
What if Clare Shaw likes your
profit margin so much, she wants more?
You prepared to grow illegal opium?
Is that what you want your life to be?
-I'm not backing out.
-I'm not asking you to…
Partner with us one time.
After that, I'll take care of Clare.
For a cut, I suppose.
Not out of your money.
I mean,
Clare's donations to the foundation
have nothing to do with your end.
I mean, all you have to do is
make it a requirement of the deal.
Why the fuck would I do that?
Because you owe us.
You killed our last chance
of getting out of here.
It costs you nothing to help us.
Hmm.
Costs me nothing to fuck you either.
[Wendy] I'm sorry.
I'm looking for Sgt. Guerrero.
She went back full-time to Polk County.
Just like that?
It'd been germinating.
Deputy Wycoff.
Is there something I can help you with?
[inhales]
If I may… [hesitates]
…was it the department's idea
to make the change,
or did you think it'd be a good idea
to get someone local in the position
before the election?
How may I be of service, Mrs. Byrde?
Well… [laughs]
Well, I-I was just wondering
if you'd be willing to take a chance
and stop a crime before it happened.
To be honest, right now I'm more
interested in what you're not saying
in between the words.
You know sheriff is a political position.
[Ronnie] Meaning what?
You called yourself "deputy."
You're not. You're "acting sheriff."
Act the part right,
the right people notice.
[Ronnie] What time are you expecting her?
Ruth doesn't exactly keep hours. Uh…
I could tell her you came by.
Didn't you used to run Lickety Splitz?
Since when do you run this place?
I had some female
conflicts of interest, so…
[inhales] Ruth thought
this would be a better fit.
So you just do
whatever Ruth Langmore tells you to do?
Pretty much. [chuckles]
I mean, no. No, sir.
See, I had this fiancée--
I heard Ruth did business
with Darlene Snell.
Now, what do you know about that?
I just check in guests
and handle the maid service.
You handle the financials?
No, sir.
But you can speak to our bookkeeper.
He's-- he's in room 138.
I'll do just that. [chuckles]
Have a good 'un!
You too.
[knock on door]
[knocks]
Aren't you the Byrdes' son?
Uh, Jonah.
Is everything okay?
You're Ruth's bookkeeper?
Uh, I just-- I help out.
We're friends. I like math.
And your mom knows all this?
I need to ask you a few questions.
Do you have a warrant?
Do I need one to ask you a question?
[chuckles] Uh, I guess not.
[Ronnie chuckles] No, okay.
Exactly what kind of accounting
do you do for Ruth Langmore?
Oh, I handle cash flow,
bank transfers, online stuff like that.
How much a place like this
pull down a year?
I only, like, just started working here.
Nah, if you had to guess.
I wouldn't.
[Ronnie] Uh-huh.
Hey.
You ever do any bookkeeping
for Darlene Snell?
You know who she is?
[inhales] Uh, she had
a stake in my parents' casino.
Did Ruth ever ask you
to do anything for Darlene?
You don't think it's a little sus
to have a 15-year-old boy
taking care of your finances?
Well, if you've been dragged
into something, I can help you.
You're a minor. We'll figure it out.
But if you lie to me--
Everything all right?
-Just asking a few questions.
-I can see that.
You're interrogating a minor
without a guardian present, Deputy?
Acting sheriff.
Ah.
Now that you're here,
maybe we can go inside.
Oh, I don't think so. Jonah and I
were just about to go to lunch.
Weren't we, Jonah? Goodbye, Deputy.
[Marty] Hmm.
-This is interesting.
-Interesting?
Your-- your revenue's down
the last couple of quarters.
Tell Navarro I'm sorry.
We had terrible weather.
It's not your harvest.
It's your-- your shipping cost.
Take a look
at the number of runs you've made.
-And those are not full loads.
-[cell phone ringing]
Um…
You are sending twice as many trucks
as you need north with product
and then south with cash.
I gotta take this.
Um, if you improve efficiency,
you're gonna improve revenue, okay?
Thank you. Hi.
Are you doing okay?
Uh, I'm-- I'm getting used to it.
Uh, I'm-- I'm gathering
some useful information
for the Bureau.
Um, at least, you know,
something to keep them off our backs.
Uh, how are things
going with the Shaw deal?
Ruth wouldn't help, so I tipped off,
get this, the new sheriff.
I'm gonna try and stop 'em that way.
But don't worry. I-I'm on my way to Jim's.
And if anybody can get the foundation
back on its feet, it's him.
I thought you said
that he's not talking to you.
Hmm! Yeah, well. [chuckling]
There is that.
Don't worry.
Right.
[clicks]
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
I see you didn't get my message.
What message?
The one I sent
by not answering your calls.
I understand why
you'd never wanna speak to me.
Oh, not just speak. See, hear.
I get it.
But if I'm in for a beating,
at least let me have it sitting down.
So I, um, I watched a psychotic drug lord
beat the shit out of your husband
in my living room.
I know. I'm sorry.
I had to lie to David
about why I couldn't meet him for lunch.
I have a hard time believing
it's the first time you've lied
to your husband
about what you do for a living.
All right, let--
let me be exceedingly clear.
I don't wanna work for you anymore.
Hmm! I don't think
you would have grabbed onto my coattails
if you didn't think I was going somewhere.
You've worked your whole life for this.
-Don't fuck it up now.
-[Jim scoffs]
I-- [huffs]
[inhales] I could have been killed.
But you weren't.
And I guarantee you
Javi Elizondro
will not be a problem anymore.
And you know this how?
Because he's dead.
Omar Navarro had him killed.
[laughs]
God, somehow that
doesn't make me feel any better.
We'll all feel better
when Navarro's back running the cartel.
[Jim] W-when is that gonna happen?
After his consecutive life sentences?
No, after we get him off the SDN list
and extradite him to Mexico
and bust him out of a prison down there.
[laughs]
[Wendy] We can do it.
All we need is the full power
of our board of directors.
Schafer, Markham, Bowlsby.
All five whales.
They can pressure the Treasury Department.
You do know
that your whales won't be in line
until you have donations coming in.
I know the Shaw deal is stalled.
I'm working on it.
And in the meantime,
you can help me get more donors.
How do you propose I do that?
By gathering as many whales as possible
to headline a fundraiser at the casino.
End of the week.
I'm gonna make some calls.
I'm not back in the fold.
I need to see some progress.
Help me and you will.
[Kim] Yeah, I remember her.
Some people just stick in your mind.
How-- how so?
She was real buttoned-up, aggressive.
But with a smile, you know?
And the brother?
He was agitated.
He, uh, said some Mexican cartel boss
was out to kill him.
[Mel] Omar Navarro?
-You telling me that was real?
-I'm not telling you any such thing.
So what'd the sister say
after the cartel bit?
She blamed it on a supposed mental illness
and got defensive
when I asked to search the car.
Hmm. So, but did you?
No, like I said, she was real buttoned-up.
[Mel sighs]
-Thank you.
-[Kim] Yeah.
Did you happen to see
which way they were headed?
East on 50.
'Cause I'm trying to locate, um,
other places they may have stopped.
Hmm. Yeah.
You think maybe I could get access to any
security cams your department might have?
I might be able
to get you a few cameras along 50.
-Hmm. Great.
-[Kim] Just up to the border.
Yeah, Greg. I need a favor.
Thanks.
Fuck.
[Ruth] No, no, he knows I'm coming.
What business you got
harassing my employees?
You want something, you talk to me.
And you don't have me followed.
That's profiling.
No, that's police work.
Close the door.
I got a tip
you're about to make a big mistake.
Oh, oh, you did?
So you're
in Wendy Byrde's pocket now, huh?
For fuck's sakes, Ronnie.
Seems to me, she's just worried about you.
Don't wanna see you go south.
Some fucking detective you are, then.
So you're telling me you're
not taking over where Darlene left off?
No, what I'm telling you
is Wendy's playing chess,
and you're playing fucking Candy Land.
[inhales] I aim to be sheriff permanent,
and I don't need anything fucking that up.
So go home, cool off, don't screw up.
It ain't that hard, Langmore.
Get out!
Fuck.
Bitch.
[Frank Jr.] Let me see that.
Yeah, that's good. That--
Guys, you give us a minute?
Close the door on your way out.
So, do I owe you a drink?
[opens drawer]
[inhales]
[exhales]
You get rid of that gun like I told you?
Yeah, all good.
But that's not why I'm here.
I need you to give me
a hand with something.
For a price, of course.
Yeah, of course.
-I need to move another load of heroin--
-Darlene's heroin?
Yeah, but… [scoffs]
…only the local cops are on my ass.
About what?
I think the Byrdes are fucking with me.
And you want me to help fuck back. Oh.
[chuckles] Yeah.
I'll give you a hand.
What's so fucking funny about it?
I just never had you pegged
as a Darlene Snell wannabe.
You always seemed
more like a junior Marty Byrde type.
Fuck you. I ain't either of them.
-[gulps]
-[sighs]
Okay, let me look at last month's here.
I'm his best fucking earner. I don't know
why he's gotta go through my accounts.
Well, as I said,
you're gonna have to ask him.
I'm asking you.
This is what Navarro wants.
I'm sure you don't want me
to tell him that you're refusing. Yeah?
Fucking pinche gabacho.
Let me see the receivables.
Those are there, right?
Yes, sir.
[in Spanish] Don't fucking call him "sir."
[in English] Hello!
You've got
some cash flow discrepancies here.
There's a-- there's a few of 'em.
[exhales]
[Arturo] What the fuck did you do?
I don't know how that could be.
Someone dropped a decimal point
on three shipments in a row.
Are you fucking cheating
the cartel, cabrón?
It has to be a mistake.
Well, once would be a mistake.
You know, three times is…
But I didn't do that.
I didn't do that! [grunts]
[groans]
-[Arturo shouts] Cabrón, huh?
-No, no! No, no, no, no.
[Arturo grunts]
-[panting]
-[accountant groaning]
[moans]
[sniffs]
[guard] Time's up.
[in Spanish] One hour a day isn't enough.
-[handcuffs ratchet]
-[sniffs]
[Omar sniffs]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[panting]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[panting]
[in English] Jesus Christ. Um…
Uh… [hesitates]
"Bad"? What is "bad"?
He's in a coma.
Um…
Do they, uh,
do they think he's gonna wake up?
I don't know. He'd lost a lot of blood.
Should we get you out of there?
Uh, no, no, no,
that would be a-- a sign of weakness.
Whoever ordered that hit will know
that the attempt, uh, just happened.
Um…
we cannot let anyone know
that he's in a coma, you know.
He's gotta be impossible to take down.
He killed his attacker.
He is strong. He's still giving orders.
We need to find out who did this.
Well, then what?
We do what Navarro would do.
Uh, let me-- let me--
let me call you right back.
Hi.
Uh…
Can I talk to you for a second?
I-I just-- I got a message from…
from Omar this morning,
and he said not to worry.
He would say that.
He's strong.
He-- he killed the man
who tried to kill him.
Can I see him?
No, no, he's-- he's in lockdown
for his own protection.
[sighs] You know they're gonna try again.
And that's-- that's what
I wanna speak to you about.
Can I ask you about
one of the lieutenants?
Cabrera.
You think he was behind this?
-I'm gathering information.
-Hmm.
I've known Arturo since he was a child.
He and Javi were friends,
but he was always jealous of him.
His blood tie to my brother.
I caught him cheating the cartel.
Javi once told me that
if he ever became the cartel chief,
he would get rid of Arturo first thing.
He never trusted him.
[men grunting]
[shouting in Spanish]
All right, bring him up on his knees.
[Arturo] You're making
a big fucking mistake, gabacho.
[panting]
Get this fucking thing off of me!
[spits]
[grunts]
Navarro knows that
you were behind the attempt on his life.
Okay?
He said that? [panting]
He said that.
[in Spanish] Then he's a fucking idiot.
[grunts]
[in English] Things'll go a lot easier
on you if you just tell the truth, okay?
[panting] I am!
You've been skimming money.
You were jealous of Javi,
and you don't know why
Navarro chose him over you.
You don't know shit!
[grunts]
[groans]
[panting]
How about you tell me
who else is involved?
Fuck you!
[grunting]
[Nathan] These are for you.
I think you oughta put 'em up around here.
It's a good picture.
Yeah.
That was up Valle Crucis way,
on the Watauga.
I was trying to teach him how to fly cast.
[laughs] I can imagine how that went.
[laughs]
Uh…
I wanted to ask, uh…
How's Jonah?
Is he upset about what happened?
He didn't tell you about the sheriff?
-What about the sheriff?
-[scoffs]
[laughs] Well, if it wasn't for me,
Lord knows how far that could have gone.
What are you talking about?
I caught him interrogating him
in his motel room.
-Do you know what he was after?
-I don't know.
I don't care.
He was harassing your son,
which I'd think would be
your primary concern.
I'll put these up.
I'll see you this weekend.
All righty.
[grunting]
That's enough.
[Arturo exhales]
May I?
Sure.
[Benitez grunts]
[sighs]
-Hmm?
-No, thank you.
[Benitez exhales]
After similar ordeals,
Omar usually calls me
to hear his confession.
I'm not Catholic. [mutters]
God's love is for everyone.
Is that why you work at a cartel?
I go where God's most needed.
You think God can love anyone?
You don't?
Uh… [mutters]
It does seem a-- a little arbitrary.
Oh.
You think you're unworthy
of love without condition.
Right?
Nothing comes without conditions.
Well, now,
that's what you're wrestling with.
Do you love unconditionally?
I'm not sure that
it's the smartest thing to do.
Are you loving or judging?
If your love is conditional,
it's also transactional.
Love doesn't keep score, Marty.
It's not self-seeking.
I think it's easier said than done.
Good night.
[engine turns over]
-[clicks]
-It's on.
[sirens wail]
-What's going on? What-- hey!
-Hey, hands on the hood.
-Hey, what the fuck, Ronnie?
-What are you doing out here?
What are you doing out here, Ruth?
I was getting my dead cousin's things
from his dead wife's house.
-Were you? Open it up.
-Mm-hmm.
Let's take a look.
[officer] T-shirt, bong, some books.
You gonna bust me for a bong?
Why rent the truck?
I guess I thought he had a lot more shit.
[Ronnie] Mm-hmm.
[Ruth] Mm-hmm.
[grunting]
-[man 1] That's it.
-[man 2] That it?
-[man 1] That's the last of it.
-[man 2] Okay. Close it up.
[Jonah] Help find Ben.
Check out the website. Please donate.
-Here. Help find Ben.
-[woman] Thank you.
Hey.
Hi.
I know this must feel awful.
Yeah.
-[Jonah] Thank you.
-[man] All right.
Check out the website. Donate.
Gimme some of those.
Thank you.
-Hi. Check out our website.
-[man 2] Thanks.
Hello. Hi. Donate.
Hi. Check out our website.
Hi. Welcome.
[Annalise] Here you go.
Uh, thank you.
Oh, uh, one piece is plenty. [chuckles]
[Annalise] You sure?
It's for a good cause.
All right.
I'll ta-- yeah, I'll take two.
I can have the other one tomorrow, right?
-[Annalise chuckles] Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
[Sam] Mm-hmm.
Just do a little rearranging here.
He seems like such a nice young man.
Is he-- is he all alone in the world?
Kind of.
His mother got hit by a truck and died.
-And then he fell in love with a stripper.
-[Annalise] Oh, my.
[Charlotte]
They were supposed to get married,
but apparently, he had
a bad gambling addiction, so she left him.
I don't know what's wrong with him now.
-[Annalise] Aww.
-[Wendy] Hey.
How's it going?
-Can I steal you for a minute?
-Yeah.
I need a favor.
I'm doing you one right now.
I know. I just…
I need you
at the foundation event tonight.
Charlotte,
it's the Byrde Family Foundation.
I could really use some family there.
Well, you should have thought about that
before you forced Dad to go to Mexico.
I just talked to him.
I promise you, he's safe. Please.
-If we don't get some big donations soon--
-Okay, okay, fine.
I'll go.
But, please, go easy.
Okay, okay. Thank you.
[Charlotte] Oh.
[exhales]
-I'll see you later.
-Yeah.
You proud of yourself?
You got people thinking
he really might come back.
You got your kids fucking lying to people.
[Wendy] No one asked you to come here.
He did.
Poor fucker doesn't have a clue
what he spawned.
What do you want, Ruth?
Your little plan
with the sheriff didn't work, Wendy.
The Shaw deal's done.
So you need
to get the fuck up out of my business.
You got me?
[heavy metal music blaring]
Fuck you, Marty Byrde!
[grunting]
Twelve yeses,
um, seven nos, but 11 maybes.
-Hmm. Better start calling the maybes.
-Yeah, I'd put a pin in that.
[exhales] I called Schafer
and the other board members.
Told them the event was off.
-A maintenance issue at the casino.
-Why would you do that?
Because Shaw Medical is pulling
their charitable contributions
from your rehab venture.
-[hesitates] They can't do that.
-They can.
I'm just saving us the humiliation.
Okay, look. Here's the rub.
Now, I know you know this,
but it bears repeating.
You cannot get the Schafers of the world
on your board without the money.
You can't get the money
without the Schafers.
Everyone needs
to believe that everybody else
is tripping over themselves
to get in line.
We have one more crack at this.
[dialing]
[rings]
[Clare's voice]
Hi, you've reached my cell.
Leave a message and I'll get back to you.
Clare, it's Wendy.
I need you to understand something.
If I'm not happy,
the people I work for are not happy,
and I think you know what that means.
So I'm gonna give you
one more chance to fix this.
[Marty] You gotta tell me what you did.
-You gotta tell me the truth. Let him up.
-[Arturo gags]
[coughs]
[panting]
[gasps]
Tell me that you ordered
the hit on Navarro. Come on.
[panting] I didn't do shit!
I told you.
I didn't do shit.
-Back down.
-[Arturo] No!
[grunting]
I know that you did it!
I know that you ordered the hit!
Let him up.
[Arturo panting]
You tell me that I'm right,
and all this stops.
[panting]
-Okay!
-[Marty] Okay what?
I fuck with the books.
As his top earner,
I thought I deserved it.
I fuck with the books.
But I didn't try to have him killed.
[coughing]
[gasps]
Please tell me the truth.
Please tell me that you ordered the hit.
Come on. Come on.
[Arturo coughs]
[Marty] Fine, give him some more.
No, no, no, no! Okay, okay! Okay.
[gasping]
-Okay.
-Okay what? Come on!
[panting]
I did it.
What did you do?
I ordered the hit.
Say it again.
I ordered the hit!
Enough. You've asked.
Enough.
Ya, para.
Are you okay?
What are you gonna do?
What else can I do?
[exhales]
[beeps]
You don't have to stay.
Yes, I do.
-[gunshot]
-[thuds]
[exhales]
[theme music playing]